By this point, you may be thinking that some changes can be
both forward and backward compatible, and you'd be right.
This is where full compatibility comes into play.
When we say that a change is fully compatible,
it means that change is both forward and backward compatible.
This means that consumers developed against
the latest schema can consume data using the previous schema.
Likewise, it also means that consumers developed against
the previous schema can still consume data from the latest schema.
This type of schema change is most common when
changing the default value for a field that has a default value.
For example, let's say our purchases model had
an action field and the default value on that field was completed,
completed might denote that the purchase is finished.
Later we could choose to update that default value on that field to something
like pending payment to indicate that every purchase has been created,
but payment has not yet been received.
This type of update which were simply changing the value of
the default field is a fully compatible change.
With full compatibility changes,
you can update either of the producer or consumer first,
the order doesn't matter.